add clarifications to diff Orgs (#279)
radicle-foundation/radworks-docs: docs/community/01_ecosystem.md

# How We Work

> Radworks is composed of **Orgs**. Orgs represent different groups of contributors that are funded from its treasury. Orgs serve the Radworks purpose by building technologies for developers that cultivate internet freedom. To obtain funding, Orgs must pass annual budget proposals through Radworks governance.

Reviewer: Link to governance manual or governance section in docs?

All Orgs have the autonomy to choose their own governance models, manage their own funds and run their own organizations. Each Org is required to participate in quarterly community calls and report to the community on their progress on the objectives  outlined in their annual funding proposals.

!["Diagram of the Radworks ecosystem, with Radworks encompassing multiple Orgs, each of which have one or more Teams consisting of one or more Contributors"](/img/radworks_ecosystem-overview-transparent.png)

Currently, Radworks funds four separate Orgs: Radicle Org, Drips Org, Better Internet Foundation Org and the Grants Org. 
## Radicle Org

The Radicle Org aims to develop a fully-sovereign code collaboration stack called “Radicle”.
[Radicle](https://radicle.xyz/) is designed to be a secure, decentralized and powerful alternative to code forges such

> as GitHub and GitLab while preserving user sovereignty and freedom. See the Radicle Org's [community approve strategy for 2024](https://community.radworks.org/t/formal-review-rgp-18-radicle-org-proposal-2024/3421/4).

Author: What do you think of adding the links to Org proposals like this?

> as GitHub and GitLab while preserving user sovereignty and freedom. See the Radicle Org's [community approve strategy for 2024](https://community.radworks.org/t/formal-review-rgp-18-radicle-org-proposal-2024/3421/4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as GitHub and GitLab while preserving user sovereignty and freedom. See the Radicle Org's [2024 budget](https://community.radworks.org/t/formal-review-rgp-18-radicle-org-proposal-2024/3421/4).
```

Reviewer: It looks good @shelbeeee, but let's just say 2024 budget

## Drips Org

The Drips Org’s mission is to enable FOSS developers to financially thrive by taking on the problem of [FOSS
sustainability](https://fosssustainability.com/) / funding public goods. [Drips](https://www.drips.network/) develops
novel [protocols](https://github.com/radicle-dev/drips-contracts), tools and applications that enable new value flows

> for developers in order to receive funds from their users and supporters. See the Drips Org's [community approve strategy for 2024](https://community.radworks.org/t/formal-review-rgp-19-drips-org-proposal-2024/3422/2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for developers in order to receive funds from their users and supporters. See the Drips Org's [2024 budget](https://community.radworks.org/t/formal-review-rgp-19-drips-org-proposal-2024/3422/2).
```

roles that are better suited to a legal entity, such as the maintenance of Radworks' intellectual property and
initiation of Radworks' legal analysis and action. All work done by the Foundation Org for Radworks and its other Orgs is funded from the treasury via an annual Org proposal. The Better Internet Foundation maintains separate funds to cover costs related to its own operations, which are not used to fund work done for Radworks and its Orgs. See the Foundation Org's [community approve strategy for 2024](https://community.radworks.org/t/formal-review-rgp-21-foundation-org-proposal-2024/3420/3).

> The Better Internet Foundation does not control treasury funds, nor can it direct product development (Radicle & Drips).

## Grants Org

The [Radworks Grants](https://github.com/radicle-dev/radicle-grants) Org finds, funds, and guides research and
development of any FOSS projects that fall outside the purview of currently funded product/engineering orgs (e.g.

> Radicle, Drips). See the Grants Org's [community approve strategy for 2024](https://community.radworks.org/t/formal-review-rgp-20-grants-org-proposal-2024-v2/3464).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radicle, Drips). See the Grants Org's [2024 budget](https://community.radworks.org/t/formal-review-rgp-20-grants-org-proposal-2024-v2/3464).
```
